[singing voice] Aniplex.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Tatsuya] Magic.
This product of fairy tales
was systemized
as an actual technology
at the dawn of the 21st century.
♪♪ ♪♪
Due to the drastic
climate cooling
that began circa the year 2030,
the food supply dwindled.
Multiple factions fought
over energy sources
and in 2045,
World War III broke out lasting
for 20 years.
The population plummeted
to a mere three billion.
The fact that this conflict
didn't escalate
to a thermal‐nuclear war
was entirely due
to global solidarity
of the world's
magic technicians.
The 21st century is now drawing
to a close.
Under these
tenuous circumstances,
every nation is competing
in a race to develop magicians.
[Miyuki] Transforming into
a demon,
my brother will stalk across
the battlefield.
And he'll do it
for my sake alone.
[beeping]
And I wonder how or when I
could ever return such
a favor to him.
How can I possibly ever
repay him
for doing that for me when,
like now,
even my life itself
was a priceless gift
I owe to my brother?
[birds chirping]
[Girl] Attention: rehearsals
for the matriculation ceremony
will soon commence.
All parties concerned‐‐
[Miyuki] This is unacceptable!
Why?
Why are you a reserve, brother?
After all,
it was you who scored highest
in the entrance exams!
There's no reason it should
be me, then,
when you were the one who‐‐
‐ [Tatsuya] Miyuki.
‐ [gasps]
In this place,
practical magic carries
more merit
than paper test scores.
Even as a reserve,
I'm lucky to be accepted
at First High School.
Oh, come on, now!
How can you be such
a push‐over?
In both studies and taijutsu,
nobody comes close,
much less outdoes you.
Even in magic,
normally you‐‐
‐ Miyuki!
‐ [gasps]
Flatter me all you want,
but it doesn't change a thing.
Don't you understand?
[Miyuki] I...
I'm sorry.
You're right.
Ah.
Just look at you.
Always getting mad on my behalf.
It's very endearing.
And it always picks me up
when you do that.
Stop lying.
What you're really doing,
brother,
is scolding me,
and you know it.
[Tatsuya] I'm telling the truth,
and just like you always have
my best interests at heart,
I care about your
well‐being also.
[gasps]
Oh.
My goodness.
B‐‐Brother.
To hear that coming from you!
Uh...
[Tatsuya] She may be taking that
the wrong way,
but whatever.
Miyuki.
Even if you turn down
that opportunity,
you wouldn't be replaced
by a course two student like me.
[gasps]
You're smart enough
to know that, right?
Well, yeah, I guess.
And besides, Miyuki.
I can't wait for it.
Let your good‐for‐nothing
big brother‐‐
‐ [gasps]
‐ See his sweet kid sister
in all her glory.
What?
Good‐for‐nothing?
You are anything but that,
brother.
Mm, but fine.
Very well.
I apologize if I
was being selfish before.
All right, then.
I'll be going.
‐ Off you go.
‐ Goodbye.
[giggles]
Oh, and don't forget.
Come and see me.
Sure.
[Tatsuya] Now then,
how am I gonna kill
some time here?
National Magic University
Affiliated First High School.
The very fact that you've
been approved to enroll
at this prestigious
state‐run institution
for training magic technicians
makes you one
of the elite few
whose rare talent
in magic has been acknowledged,
right?
But at this school there are‐‐
[Girl] Hey,
isn't that kid a Weed?
[Girl 2] Yeah,
and here so early.
Someone's excited just
to be a reserve.
[Mayumi] You're a new student,
right?
[gasps]
Is there anything at all I
can help you with?
[Tatsuya] A course one
upperclass woman?
No.
I'm fine, thanks.
[gasps]
A CAD?
[Mayumi] Fair enough.
Oh, by the way,
I'm the president
of the student council.
I'm Mayumi Saegusa.
It's written Nanakusa,
but it's read as Saegusa.
Nice to meet you.
[Tatsuya] Numbers.
And a Saegusa, no less.
I'm, uh‐‐my name
is Tatsuya Shiba.
Tatsuya Shiba.
Oh, I see.
So you're‐‐
‐ [Girl] President!
‐ [gasps]
Come on!
Hurry up!
Rehearsal's starting!
Uh?
Am I interrupting?
Course not.
If you'll excuse me, please.
Uh?
Huh.
[indistinct chatter]
[Tatsuya] The half sitting
in the front are Blooms
and the half in the back
are Weeds.
No one's more aware
of discrimination
than those being
discriminated against, huh?
‐ [Mizuki] Excuse me.
‐ Hmm?
The seat next to you.
Is it taken?
Oh.
No, go ahead.
[Mizuki] Thank you very much.
[lively piano music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Um...
Hi.
By the way,
my name's Mizuki Shibata.
It's very nice to meet you.
[Tatsuya] Glasses, huh?
I'm Tatsuya Shiba.
It's nice to meet you, too.
‐ [gasps]
‐ And I'm Erika Chiba.
It's a real pleasure, Tatsuya.
Likewise, I'm sure.
This is a pretty cool
coincidence here,
don't you think?
‐ What is?
‐ Well, you know.
I mean, Shiba, Shibata,
and Chiba, right?
Our names are so close
they practically rhyme.
Hey, you're right.
I see.
Kind of awesome,
isn't it?
Yeah, totally.
I can't believe‐‐
[Tatsuya] Chiba, huh?
Numbers again.
Unbelievable.
[Boy] We will now begin
the matriculation ceremony
for the National Magic
University Affiliated
First High School.
[applause]
Next up, the newly‐enrolled
students address.
[gasps]
[Boy] The incoming class'
representative,
Miyuki Shiba.
As the bright sunlight
streams gently in
and the cherry blossoms flutter
and cascade down
on this gorgeous,
hopeful spring day,
I'm happy my wish to attend
the National Magic University
Affiliated First High School
has come true.
[Miyuki] On behalf of all
the eager incoming students,
and overflowing with the pride
of being a member
of First High School...
[indistinct chatter]
[Erika] Hey, Shiba.
Wanna come check out
our homeroom with us?
Sorry.
I'm supposed to meet up
with my sister.
What sister?
So, uh,
by any chance,
would your sister be
Miyuki Shiba,
the girl representing
this year's new incoming class?
‐ That's right.
‐ What?
Then are you guys twins?
Yeah, we do get that a lot,
but no, we aren't.
My birthday's in April
and my sister's is in March.
Still, I'm impressed
that you put that together.
Yes, your demeanor‐‐
or should I say, uh,
more like your auras‐‐
those intense,
commanding gazes of yours‐‐
are eerily similar.
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] She's just
as I suspected.
If you can read someone's
true aura so clearly,
then you must have
really great eyesight.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Hypersensitive
to spare particle emission.
Risky to let her observe me
any further.
My secret would be...
‐ [Miyuki] Hey, brother!
‐ [grunts]
both: Mm?
There you are!
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
No, that was quick.
[gasps]
Well, hello there.
‐ So, we meet again.
‐ [grunts]
By the way,
brother,
are you already on
the dating circuit?
‐ [gasps]
‐ Huh?
Of course not, Miyuki.
How silly.
These girls are two
of my new classmates.
That was a rather rude
assumption, you know.
[gasps]
My sincere apologies.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Miyuki Shiba.
I'm Mizuki Shibata.
It's a real pleasure
to make your acquaintance, too.
And I'm Erika Chiba.
Just call me Erika.
[Erika] Can I call you Miyuki?
Of course.
Please do.
[Erica laughs]
Hey, Miyuki,
you're pretty chill.
So Miyuki,
are the people
from the student council done
with you?
‐ [Miyuki] Oh.
‐ [Mayumi] It's all right.
All we did today
was introduce ourselves to her.
Uh, but President!
Hey, Miyuki.
Yes, ma'am?
[Mayumi] Don't worry.
We'll get into the details
another time.
You, too, Shiba.
Huh?
We'll have a chat.
Soon.
Uh, President, wait!
[gasps]
[groans]
[grunts]
[exhales sharply]
Sorry.
That was strange, I know.
This is all my fault.
[gasps]
No need for you
to apologize to me.
Thank you, brother.
[romantic violin music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Erika] Um,
if the moment's over‐‐
[gasps]
‐ How about we all head out now?
‐ [gasping]
[exhales]
[door closes]
[Miyuki] I'm going to make
some coffee, brother.
Do you want a cup?
[Tatsuya] Sure.
That'd be great.
[door opens]
[computer beeping]
Miyuki.
[Miyuki] Yes?
[Tatsuya] Is something
bothering you?
[Miyuki] Just now I got
a call fro those people.
To toast my admission,
they said.
[Tatsuya] Oh.
You mean the old man and Sayuri?
Okay, so, what about you, then?
Did they say...
[Tatsuya] No change there.
[Miyuki] Really?
[ice hissing]
You mean they didn't even
send you a single E‐mail?
[grunts]
Those people.
[gasps]
Take it easy.
I'm sorry.
I guess I kind of lost my head
for a moment.
Instead of helping out
with the company
the way Dad wanted me to,
I blew him off and did this.
I get why he's angry about it,
so it doesn't really bother me.
[groans]
[Miyuki] If you say so, brother.
You do have your reasons.
[whooshing]
[birds chirping]
[grunts]
[man shouts]
[both shouting]
[all grunting]
[Tatsuya grunts]
[Kokonoe] Ah, Miyuki.
Mr. Yakumo?
‐ [men grunting]
‐ [gasps]
[screams]
Mr. Yakumo!
Would you please not sneak up
on me like that?
Well, you must remember I'm
a shinobi.
Sneaking up on people
is second nature
to me like breathing.
Being a ninja isn't a profession
in this day and age.
Ah, ah, ah!
I'm not a ninja,
but again,
I'm rather
a time‐honored shinobi‐‐
a ninjutsu‐user.
I'm well aware that you're
the sole heir to a line
of time‐honored traditional
ancient magic users,
which then begs the question,
why would you‐‐
[Kokonoe] Is that
the First High uniform
you're wearing?
Yes.
Matriculation was yesterday.
I didn't realize that.
Hmm, yeah, pretty sweet.
In fact I came here today
to let you know
that I have enrolled.
‐ [Kokonoe] Hmm.
‐ Uh, sir?
That new uniform exudes
youthful innocence,
but its sheer purity
can't conceal
a certain sensuality.
Sir, I don't think that‐‐
Almost like a flower
but on the verge
of bursting into bloom.
[Kokonoe] A bud just coming
into its own.
‐ That's right, moé!
‐ [whimpers]
Ooh, very moé!
Yummy!
‐ [Miyuki screams]
‐ Hmm?
[blow lands]
[both grunting]
[Tatsuya] Master,
you've clearly rattled Miyuki,
so would you mind toning
it down a little, please?
[Kokonoe] Good for you, Tatsuya.
Take my back
and see what happens!
[blows landing]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
Man!
I may not stand
a chance against Tatsuya
if it's strictly taijutsu.
[both grunting]
[exciting music]
♪♪ ♪♪
All right.
Come on.
[breathing heavily]
[Miyuki] Brother.
My goodness.
Are you all right?
[panting]
Yeah.
I'm totally fine.
Oops, I'm sorry.
I got your nice new skirt
all dirty.
[Miyuki grunts]
Don't give it another thought.
[beeping]
[whirring]
My clothes as well.
Thanks.
Oh, please.
It's nothing.
I'm happy to do it.
Anyway, brother,
how about
we go get some breakfast now?
Mr. Yakumo,
you're welcome to join us.
[relaxing music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Erika] Whoa.
So, uh, what are you doing,
Tatsuya?
Confirming the curriculum
and registering for classes.
[Leonhard] At breakneck speed.
‐ Hmm?
‐ Don't mean to butt in, man.
It's just kind of rare
to see people using
the keyboard to enter stuff,
you know?
Once you're used to it,
it's faster.
Yeah?
Well, anyway,
I'm Leonhard Saijou.
Call me Leo.
I specialize in convergence‐type
fortifying magic.
I'm Tatsuya Shiba,
but you can just
call me Tatsuya.
Okay, Tatsuya.
So what are your signature
magic spells?
My practical skills kind
of suck,
so I want to become
a magic engineer.
Ah.
Well, you do present
as a pretty brainy guy.
[Erika] Hang on.
You're an aspiring
magic engineer, Shiba?
Hey, dude.
Who are you?
Whoa, you did not
just call me dude.
So tacky.
It's no wonder you're single.
What the hell?
'Kay, now who's being tacky?
Don't think you
can get away with it
just because
you're slightly cute.
[Erika] Uh, looks matter,
and you know it.
Hey, so, Erika‐‐
[Erika] Though that might not
be clear
to a lame guy who thinks
the wild look means
lookin' like a total slob.
[grunting]
Why‐‐
[Mizuki] Erika, pleas!
[school bell rings]
[grunting]
[Tatsuya] Leo, back off, okay?
We've gotta go.
[Mizuki] You, too, Erika.
That was a little too far.
[both grunting]
Huh?
[Girl] What's up
with the teacher?
[grunts]
Hmm.
[Mizuki] That was so much fun.
You know,
touring all the workshops.
I'm studying to be
a magic engineer, too,
so I got a lot out of that.
[Tatsuya] Yeah,
that was pretty productive,
wasn't it?
I wonder if I'm up
to such painstaking work.
‐ Geez, I dunno.
‐ Of course you're not.
‐ Huh?
‐ It's totally beyond you.
Say what?
Wait a sec!
[Leonhard] Why are we all
eating lunch together?
[Erika] I was just having lunch
with Mizuki and Tatsuya.
‐ You invited yourself.
‐ [sighs]
[Miyuki] Brother!
[Tatsuya] Miyuki.
Do you mind if I sit here
with you?
Here, you can come sit next
to me, Miyuki.
[Miyuki] Okay.
Thanks, Erika.
Uh, who's she?
My kid sister, Miyuki.
Oh?
Nice to meet you.
‐ I'm Miyu‐‐
‐ [Boy] Miyuki.
[gasps]
Let's sit somewhere else, okay?
You shouldn't bother them.
But I'd like to sit here and...
[Boy] Hmm?
Miyuki.
[exhales sharply]
You shouldn't share a table
with a bunch of Weeds.
‐ What?
‐ Lines need to be drawn between
course one
and course two.
What was that?
[Miyuki] Um, uh...
[chairs clattering]
[gasps]
Miyuki, I'm done eating,
so I'm heading out now anyway.
[Leonhard] Hey, Tatsuya!
Hold up, man!
[Erika] Tatsuya!
[Mizuki] Just give it up
and go away already, will you?
[Boy] There's something pressing
we want to discuss with her,
that's all!
[Girl] That's right!
Come on!
Brother, I'm sorry.
Please don't start apologizing,
Miyuki.
All right,
but I...
[Mizuki] Besides,
didn't you hear Miyuki say
she's going home
with her brother?
What do you think you're doing,
trying to split these two apart?
You have no right.
Oh, Mizuki!
What exactly is it that you're,
uh, misunderstanding here?
Miyuki.
Why are you in such a panic?
Oh, me?
No, no.
I'm not remotely panicking,
am I?
Another question isn't
an answer.
This matter only concerns 1A!
[Boy] Lower edge Weeds like you
don't get
to consort with Blooms.
[snarls]
[Mizuki] We're all
new students here, remember?
Who do you think you are,
making such a claim?
How superior to us Weeds
could you Blooms be?
[growls]
Not looking good.
[scoffs]
You wanna know
how superior we are?
Find out.
[Leonhard] Intriguing.
Then by all means,
why don't you go ahead
and show us?
[Boy] All right, then.
I will damn well show you.
This...
Is how much better we are!
You go to hell!
[grunts]
No, brother, wait!
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[Erika] At close range
it's just faster
to fight physically.
That make sense?
[grunts]
‐ [scoffs]
‐ I don't disagree with you,
but I think you should know you
were about
to smash my hand,
too, dammit.
Goodness, no!
I would never do that.
‐ [laughs]
‐ Oh, yeah.
Laugh it up.
Ridiculous!
You, a dirty Weed!
[Honoka gasps]
All of you, stop it!
[both gasping]
[gasps]
No!
It's all right.
And besides...
[screams]
[both grunting]
Honoka!
‐ [Miyuki] That's quite enough!
[all gasping]
Unless they're in self defense,
head‐to‐head magic attacks
are acts of criminality.
[Mari] I'm Mari Watanabe,
and you're done.
I'll be taking your statements
now.
All of you,
come with me.
Brother, I‐‐
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] Sorry about that.
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] Just horseplay
that got out of hand.
Is that really what happened?
Yes.
The Morisaki clan is famous
for their quick draw technique,
so I thought I'd ask him
to show me so I'd be aware
for future reference,
but it was just so realistic
that I couldn't stop myself
from making a move.
[grunts]
Fine, then would you care
to explain to me why
that girl was about to activate
an attack‐type spell
when we arrived?
That was just a flash spell.
Nothing to worry about,
and its potency
was considerably suppressed.
‐ Oh.
‐ Ah.
How interesting.
I see you possess the ability
to read activation sequences
as they're being launched.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] I lack many
practical skills
but I am fairly adept
at analysis.
And apparently subterfuge
as well.
Subterfuge?
Oh, no, far from it.
I'm just, after all,
a course two student.
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] National Magic
University Affiliated
First High School.
The very fact that
you've been permitted
to enroll at this school
makes you a member
of the elite whose rare talent
in magic has been acknowledged.
But at this institution...
From the very first day on,
you're either a high achiever,
or a near failure.
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪